{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red83\green83\blue83;\red237\green221\blue228;\red0\green0\blue246;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww22640\viewh13560\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 <link href='http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Belleza' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'>\
<link href='http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Rosarivo' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'>\
<link href='http://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Magra:400,700' rel='stylesheet' type='text/css'>\
\
underline: #D1AFBC\
bold-pink: #E18FAF\
very-dark-pink: #C95683;\
dark-pink: #E9C3D2\
medium-pink: #EFD6DF\
light-pink: #F1E4E9\
\
grey: #929292\
slide text: #818181 + #f\
\
What Is Mini-IVF\'99?	Why Mini-IVF\'99?		Is Mini-IVF\'99 for me?		Get Started\
\

\b0 //////////// I made some edits\'85\'a0so this is what we're using\'85\
\

\b What Is Mini-IVF\'99?
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 You've just received word about your fertility. After a year of trying to conceive on your own, something just isn't right. You have worked hard your entire life to maintain a healthy lifestyle, and you want more than anything to share your world with a child of your own. Perhaps you're suffering from unexplained infertility, or maybe you've been battling with lifelong fertility issues like PCOS or hormonal dysregulation.\
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\b \cf2 What do you do now?
\b0  You've heard of the countless things woman try to help them become fertile again. Some women try their hand at yoga to inspire fertility, while others make a huge change to their diet in hopes that they might get pregnant on their own. "But I already exercise and I already eat healthy," you may think, and although you know about in vitro fertilization, you don't like the idea of daily injections or high doses of fertility medications. What now?\
Minimal Stimulation IVF, or Mini-IVF\'99, is for women looking for a more holistic approach to their fertility treatment. Mini-IVF\'99 centers around the naturally occurring physiology of the woman's reproductive system, requiring no hormone injections and a small amount of oral medication to stimulate egg production in the ovaries. The few eggs produced from a woman's Mini-IVF\'99 cycle are always higher quality than the abundance of eggs produced through conventional IVF, which can often hyperstimulate the ovaries and can lead to issues like OHSS. The minimal amount of medications used for Mini-IVF\'99 also make this method of assisted reproduction more cost effective for those looking for a more affordable fertility treatment option.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\

\b Why Mini-IVF\'99?
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 With all of the advances in assisted reproductive technology, it only makes sense that simultaneous changes be made to the way IVF is administered to women and couples dealing with infertility. No single IVF method is suitable for all women -- some women's reproductive systems become overwhelmed with conventional IVF, whereas other women are not able to get pregnant using methods like Natural Cycle IVF or IUI. Mini-IVF\'99 beidges the gap between those women with high FSH levels or low follicle counts that need conventional IVF and those who can achieve a successful pregnancy through simple monitoring with Natural Cycle IVF.\
Mini-IVF\'99 is also a great fertility treatment option for more healthy and financially conscious individuals. The absence of injectable fertility drugs during Mini-IVF\'99 cycles serves to make this form of infertility treatment more affordable and less invasive on the body's naturally occurring functions.\
In addition to health and cost effectiveness, Mini-IVF\'99 yields high success rates, comparable to those found with conventional IVF. Moreover, while in some cases, the success rate per cycle for conventional IVF can be higher, it is because a conventional IVF cycle typically transfers more than one embryo, risking multiple pregnancies and more dangerous births. , Mini-IVF\'99 allows high success rates with single embryo transfers to reduce the risks associated with multiple pregnancies and allow you to have more control over your cycle.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\

\b Is Mini-IVF\'99 for me?
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qj

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 Are you fighting with infertility, but are otherwise healthy in mind and body? Do you have a low follicle count and worry about risking hyperstimulation with conventional IVF? Do you regularly avoid putting unnecessary chemicals into your body?\
If you answered yes to any of these questions, then Mini-IVF\'99 is a healthy and smart alternative to consider in your fertility journey. We invite you to continue reading about Mini-IVF\'99 here, or on our main site at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.newhopefertility.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 http://www.newhopefertility.com}}. You may also want to consider {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.newhopefertility.com/patient_resources/schedule_a_consultation/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 scheduling a consultation}} to learn about whether this may be a good protocl for you. During your initial office visit, fertility specialists can examine your current fertility status and begin to develop a fertility treatment plan that fits your unique physiology, your personal health and financial needs.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
\
\
////////////// ORIGINAL\

\b \
What Is Mini-IVF\'99?\
\

\b0 You've just received word about your fertility.  After a year of trying to conceive on your own, something just isn't right.  Perhaps you're suffering from unexplained infertility, or maybe you've been battling with lifelong fertility issues since you can remember, like PCOS or hormonal dysregulation.  All you know is you have worked hard your entire life to maintain a healthy lifestyle, and you want more than anything to share your world with a child of your own.\
\
What do you do now?  You've heard of the countless things woman try to help them become fertile again.  Some women try their hand at yoga to inspire fertility, while others make a huge change to their diet in hopes that they might get pregnant on their own.  "But I 
\i already
\i0  exercise and I 
\i already
\i0  eat healthy," you may think.  So what next?  You know about in vitro fertilization, but don't like the idea of daily injections or high doses of fertility medications.  What now?\
\
Minimal Stimulation IVF, or Mini-IVF,\'99 is for women looking for a more holistic approach to their fertility treatment.  Mini-IVF\'99 centers around the naturally occurring physiology of the woman's reproductive system, requiring no hormone injections and a small amount of oral medication to stimulate egg production in the ovaries.  The few eggs produced from a woman's Mini-IVF\'99 cycle are always of more quality than the abundance of eggs produced through conventional IVF, which often hyperstimulates the ovaries and can lead to issues like OHSS.  The minimal amount of medications used for Mini-IVF\'99 also make this method of assisted reproduction more cost effective for those looking for a more affordable fertility treatment option.\
\

\b Slide:  What is Mini-IVF?\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\i\b0 \cf0 Mini-IVF\'99 is a gentle approach to modern day fertility care for those wishing to get help to conceive, without 
\i0 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural

\b \cf0 Why Mini-IVF\'99?	\
\

\b0 With all of the advances in assisted reproductive technology, it only makes sense that simultaneous changes be made to the way IVF is administered to women and couples dealing with infertility.  No one IVF method is suitable for 
\i all
\i0  women -- some women's reproductive systems become overwhelmed with conventional IVF, whereas other women are not able to get pregnant using other methods like Natural Cycle IVF or IUI.  This is where Mini-IVF\'99 comes in, bridging the gap between those women with high FSH levels or low follicle counts that need conventional IVF, and those who can achieve a successful pregnancy through simple monitoring with Natural Cycle IVF.\
\
Mini-IVF\'99 is also a great fertility treatment option for more health and financially conscious individuals.  The absence of injectable fertility drugs during Mini-IVF\'99 cycles serves to make this form of infertility treatment more affordable and less invasive on the body's naturally occurring functions.\
\
In addition to health and cost effectiveness, Mini-IVF\'99 yields similar success rates to those found with conventional IVF.  While conventional IVF success rates are higher, it is because this method typically transfers more than one embryo during treatment, unlike Mini-IVF\'99, which employs a single embryo transfer technique to reduce the risks associated with multiple pregnancies.\
\
\

\b Is Mini-IVF\'99 for me?	\
\

\b0 Are you fighting with infertility, but are otherwise healthy in mind and body?  Do you have a low follicle count, but risk hyperstimulation with conventional IVF?  Do you regularly avoid putting unnecessary chemicals into your body?  Do you want to get pregnant through IVF, but can't afford mainstream fertility treatment plans?\
\
If you answered yes to any of these questions, then Mini-IVF\'99 is a healthy and smart alternative to consider in your fertility journey.  If you do not feel you fit in to any of the categories above, however, Mini-IVF\'99 is still an to be considered if you wish to get pregnant without the health risks and high costs associated with traditional IVF methods.  \
\
The only way to discover if you are a candidate for Mini-IVF\'99 is to schedule a consultation.  During your visit, fertility specialists can examine your current fertility status and begin to develop a fertility treatment plan that fits your unique physiology and your personal health and financial needs. \
\
\
\
\
}